Software License

This software and accompanying documentation are protected by United States Copyright law and also by International Treaty provisions.  Any use of this software in violation of copyright law or the terms of this agreement will be prosecuted.

All the software in this package is copyrighted by P&E Microcomputer Systems, Inc. Copyright notices have been included in the software.

P&E Microcomputer Systems authorizes you to make archival copies of this software for the sole purpose of back-up and protecting your investment from loss.  Under no circumstances may you copy this software or documentation for the purpose of distribution to others.  Under no conditions may you remove the copyright notices from this software or documentation.

This software may be used by one person on up to two different computers, provided that the software is never used on the two computers at the same time.  P&E expects that group programming projects making use of this software will purchase a copy of the software and documentation for each user in the group.  Contact P&E for volume discounts and site licensing agreements.

With respect to the physical media provided within, P&E Microcomputer Systems warrants the same to be free of defects in materials and workmanship for a period of 30 days from the date of receipt.  If you notify us within the warranty period, P&E Microcomputer Systems will update the defective media at no cost.

P&E Microcomputer Systems does not assume any liability for the use of this software beyond the original purchase price of the software.  In no event will P&E Microcomputer Systems be liable for additional damages, including any lost profits, lost savings or other incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use these programs, even if P&E Microcomputer Systems has been advised of the possibility of such damage.

Under no circumstances may the user redistribute any files included in this package. For exceptions, please see the deployment text file included in the installation directory.

By installing or using this software, you agree to the terms of this agreement.  If you do not agree, you should cancel the software installation now. 